[Music]
this Beach is so cool
[Applause]
[Music]
but if you can see there's like a little
mini tornado I think that about the
waters correct and everything so we are
just heading out for dinner
we've just been to watch the sunset it
was like a really beautiful candyfloss
sky
so now I head into dinner I think we're
gonna go to face called lobster pot
which is to black everything is super
close here like all the restaurants bars
it's pretty much walking distance to
share
how to reduce the sky
here into the lobster pot here is a
little outfit of the night
[Music]
god the huge so we're just doing extra
my god
[Music]
can see it Sofia doesn't actually
there's so many episodes shown about
they'll it did not like maybe shots but
apparently they're super friendly they
thought to do
oh sure we just got back to the room and
we'll both leave people Mason is
literally trained twice today so that he
feels like it's been hit by the bus
definitely the nice kneeling paddle home
it was so good so yeah we're just gonna
hit the sack hit the hay and I'll see
you guys soon
good morning so I'm back on my ledge
just terrified I was just having my
coffee and we are gonna head to a
starfish beach I've noticed I have a
relationship rock so I've just been
having a nice time and haven't done that
much talking I have captured moments but
I've just been like in holiday mode okay
so melissa has arrived I'm just driven
to Mason Stadium it's his birthday
playing today driven on national well I
think he's got another match at like 5
o'clock these little browned chicken
doctor I think it's drinking I'm okay
this is far away yeah I wish I wasn't
outside let's go the pitch
meaning if scholars 4270 guano soy
[Applause]
banana chip young curry chicken so just
on the beach fern
we had a meal last night but it was
about the tiniest portion sizes
so we just came to starfish point so
many little starfish is everywhere it's
so cute we just took some pictures with
them
this ones I could see the small beach
but we're gonna head so I can do a beach
hotel next and just chill out so I guess
the hospice day that wasn't being here
[Music]
just found it off and just off the road
kind of captain the gang the
drive-through just got to the beach keep
doing little things that are not there
this is my favorite bikini of the entire
holiday
[Music]
but just go straight from the beach to
pizza
Matt got back cracked conch restaurant
icky part looks really cute the Sun just
set in - how cute is this little
restaurant with a crowd on the seafront
with drove to the opposite side of the
island being dispo full cut that sky Wow
[Music]